---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "redfish_idrac_server_configuration_profile_export Resource - terraform-provider-redfish"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource for managing iDRAC Server Configuration Profile export on iDRAC Server.
---

# redfish_idrac_server_configuration_profile_export (Resource)

Resource for managing iDRAC Server Configuration Profile export on iDRAC Server.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `share_parameters` (Attributes) Share Parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--share_parameters))

### Optional

- `export_format` (String) Specify the output file format.
- `export_use` (String) Specify the type of Server Configuration Profile (SCP) to be exported.
- `file_content` (String) File Content
- `include_in_export` (List of String) Include In Export
- `redfish_server` (Block List) List of server BMCs and their respective user credentials (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--redfish_server))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the export SCP resource

<a id="nestedatt--share_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `share_parameters`

Required:

- `filename` (String) File Name - The name of the server configuration profile file to export. This is the name of the file that was previously exported using the Server Configuration Profile Export operation. This file is typically in the xml/json format

Optional:

- `ignore_certificate_warning` (Boolean) Ignore Certificate Warning
- `ip_address` (String) IPAddress - The IP address of the target export server.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password - The password for the share server user account. This password is required if the share type is set to "CIFS". It is required only if the share type is set to "CIFS". It is not required if the share type is set to "NFS".
- `port_number` (Number) Port Number - The port number used to communicate with the share server. The default value is 80.
- `proxy_password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the proxy server. This is required if the proxy_support parameter is set to `true`. It is used for authenticating the proxy server credentials.
- `proxy_port` (Number) The port number used by the proxy server. 
			This parameter is optional. 
			If not provided, the default port number (80) is used for the communication with the proxy server.
- `proxy_server` (String) The IP address or hostname of the proxy server.
			 This is the server that acts as a bridge between the iDRAC and the Server Configuration Profile share server. 
			 It is used to communicate with the Server Configuration Profile share server 
			 in order to export the Server Configuration Profile. If the Server Configuration Profile share server
			  is not accessible from the iDRAC directly, then a proxy server must be used in order to establish the connection. 
			  This parameter is optional. 
			  If it is not provided, the Server Configuration Profile export operation
			   will attempt to connect to the Server Configuration Profile share server directly.
- `proxy_support` (Boolean) Proxy Support - Specifies whether or not to use a proxy server for the export operation. If `true`, export operation will use a proxy server for communication with the export server. If `false`, export operation will not use a proxy server for communication with the export server. Default value is `false`.
- `proxy_type` (String) The type of proxy server to be used. The default is "HTTP". If set to "SOCKS4", a SOCKS4 proxy server must be specified. If set to "HTTP", an HTTP proxy server must be specified. If not specified, the Server Configuration Profile export operation will attempt to connect to the Server Configuration Profile share server directly.
- `proxy_username` (String) The username to be used when connecting to the proxy server.
- `share_name` (String) Share Name - The name of the directory or share on the server 
			that contains the Server Configuration Profile file to export.
- `share_type` (String) Share Type - The type of share being used to export the Server Configuration Profile file.
- `target` (List of String) Filter configuration by target
- `username` (String) Username - The username to use when authenticating with the server
			 that contains the Server Configuration Profile file being exported.


<a id="nestedblock--redfish_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redfish_server`

Required:

- `endpoint` (String) Server BMC IP address or hostname

Optional:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) User password for login
- `ssl_insecure` (Boolean) This field indicates whether the SSL/TLS certificate must be verified or not
- `user` (String) User name for login
