---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "redfish_storage_volume Resource - terraform-provider-redfish"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# redfish_storage_volume (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `drives` (List of String) This list contains the physical disks names to create the volume within a disk controller
- `redfish_server` (Block List, Min: 1) This list contains the different redfish endpoints to manage (different servers) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--redfish_server))
- `storage_controller_id` (String) This value must be the storage controller ID the user want to manage. I.e: RAID.Integrated.1-1
- `volume_name` (String) This value is the desired name for the volume to be given
- `volume_type` (String) This value specifies the raid level the virtual disk is going to have. Possible values are: NonRedundant (RAID-0), Mirrored (RAID-1), StripedWithParity (RAID-5), SpannedMirrors (RAID-10) or SpannedStripesWithParity (RAID-50)

### Optional

- `capacity_bytes` (Number) capacity_bytes shall contain the size in bytes of the associated volume.
- `disk_cache_policy` (String) disk_cache_policy shall contain a boolean indicator of the disk cache policy for the Volume.
- `optimum_io_size_bytes` (Number) optimum_io_size_bytes shall contain the optimum IO size to use when performing IO on this volume.
- `read_cache_policy` (String) read_cache_policy shall contain a boolean indicator of the read cache policy for the Volume.
- `reset_timeout` (Number) reset_timeout is the time in seconds that the provider waits for the server to be reset(if settings_apply_time is set to "OnReset") before timing out. Default is 120s.
- `reset_type` (String) Reset type allows to choose the type of restart to apply when settings_apply_time is set to "OnReset"Possible values are: "ForceRestart", "GracefulRestart" or "PowerCycle". If not set, "ForceRestart" is the default.
- `settings_apply_time` (String) Flag to make the operation either "Immediate" or "OnReset". By default value is "Immediate"
- `volume_job_timeout` (Number) volume_job_timeout is the time in seconds that the provider waits for the volume job to be completed before timing out.Default is 1200s
- `write_cache_policy` (String) write_cache_policy shall contain a boolean indicator of the write cache policy for the Volume.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--redfish_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redfish_server`

Required:

- `endpoint` (String) This field is the endpoint where the redfish API is placed

Optional:

- `password` (String) This field is the password related to the user given
- `ssl_insecure` (Boolean) This field indicates if the SSL/TLS certificate must be verified
- `user` (String) This field is the user to login against the redfish API
